USF-2278: initial draft of changes for removing references to gdrive and sharepoint (#277)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/dropins/checkout/containers/terms-and-conditions.mdx

## Example 2: Render three different agreements using the translations configured in EDS

> The following example renders the `TermsAndConditions` container on the checkout page, displaying three different agreements and taking the labels from the translations in the **`placeholders`** sheet, within the element with the class `.checkout__terms-and-conditions`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example renders the `TermsAndConditions` container on the checkout page. The container displays three different agreements using the labels from the translations in the **`placeholders`** sheet, within the element with the class `.checkout__terms-and-conditions`:
```
